Movie;The Shining;Horror;Stanley Kubrick;Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) becomes winter caretaker at the isolated Overlook Hotel in Colorado, hoping to cure his writer's block. He settles in along with his wife, Wendy (Shelley Duvall), and his son, Danny (Danny Lloyd), who is plagued by psychic premonitions. As Jack's writing goes nowhere and Danny's visions become more disturbing, Jack discovers the hotel's dark secrets and begins to unravel into a homicidal maniac hell-bent on terrorizing his family.;1980;2.5;Jack Nicholson;Shelley Duvall;Danny Lloyd;146;0
Movie;Night of the Living Dead;Horror;George A. Romero;A disparate group of individuals takes refuge in an abandoned house when corpses begin to leave the graveyard in search of fresh human bodies to devour. The pragmatic Ben (Duane Jones) does his best to control the situation, but when the reanimated bodies surround the house, the other survivors begin to panic. As any semblance of order within the group begins to dissipate, the zombies start to find ways inside -- and one by one, the living humans become the prey of the deceased ones.;1968;2.5;Judith O'Dea;Duane Jones;Karl Hardman;97;0
Movie;The Exorcist;Horror;William Friedkin;One of the most profitable horror movies ever made, this tale of an exorcism is based loosely on actual events. When young Regan (Linda Blair) starts acting odd -- levitating, speaking in tongues -- her worried mother (Ellen Burstyn) seeks medical help, only to hit a dead end. A local priest (Jason Miller), however, thinks the girl may be seized by the devil. The priest makes a request to perform an exorcism, and the church sends in an expert (Max von Sydow) to help with the difficult job.;1973;2.5;Linda Blair;Ellen Burstyn;Jason Miller;133;0
Movie;Alien;Horror;Ridley Scott;In deep space, the crew of the commercial starship Nostromo is awakened from their cryo-sleep capsules halfway through their journey home to investigate a distress call from an alien vessel. The terror begins when the crew encounters a nest of eggs inside the alien ship. An organism from inside an egg leaps out and attaches itself to one of the crew, causing him to fall into a coma.;1979;2.5;Sigourney Weaver;John Hurt;Yaphet Kotto;117;0
Movie;Airplane!;Comedy;Jim Abrahams;This spoof comedy takes shots at the slew of disaster movies that were released in the 70s. When the passengers and crew of a jet are incapacitated due to food poisoning, a rogue pilot with a drinking problem must cooperate with his ex-girlfriend turned stewardess to bring the plane to a safe landing.;1980;2.5;Leslie Nielsen;Robert Hays;Julie Hagerty;88;0
Movie;Shaun of the Dead;Comedy;Edgar Wright;Shaun (Simon Pegg) is a 30-something loser with a dull, easy existence. When he's not working at the electronics store, he lives with his slovenly best friend, Ed (Nick Frost), in a small flat on the outskirts of London. The only unpredictable element in his life is his girlfriend, Liz (Kate Ashfield), who wishes desperately for Shaun to grow up and be a man. When the town is inexplicably overrun with zombies, Shaun must rise to the occasion and protect both Liz and his mother (Penelope Wilton).;2004;2.5;Simon Pegg;Nick Frost;Kate Ashfield;100;0
Movie;The Big Lebowski;Comedy;The Coen Brothers;Jeff Bridges plays Jeff Lebowski who insists on being called "the Dude," a laid-back, easygoing burnout who happens to have the same name as a millionaire whose wife owes a lot of dangerous people a whole bunch of money -- resulting in the Dude having his rug soiled, sending him spiraling into the Los Angeles underworld.;1998;2.5;Jeff Bridges;John Goodman;Steve Buscemi;119;0
Movie;Life of Brian;Comedy;Terry Jones;Brian Cohen (Graham Chapman) is an average young Jewish man, but through a series of ridiculous events, he gains a reputation as the Messiah. When he's not dodging his followers or being scolded by his shrill mother (Terry Jones), the hapless Brian has to contend with the pompous Pontius Pilate (Michael Palin) and acronym-obsessed members of a separatist movement. Rife with Monty Python's signature absurdity, the tale finds Brian's life paralleling Biblical lore, albeit with many more laughs.;1979;2.5;Terry Jones;John Cleese;Graham Chapman;94;0
Movie;Titanic;Romance;James Cameron;James Cameron's "Titanic" is an epic, action-packed romance set against the ill-fated maiden voyage of the R.M.S. Titanic - the pride and joy of the White Star Line and, at the time, the largest moving object ever built. She was the most luxurious liner of her era -- the "ship of dreams" -- which ultimately carried over 1,500 people to their death in the ice cold waters of the North Atlantic in the early hours of April 15, 1912.;1997;2.5;Leonardo DiCaprio;Kate Winslet;Billy Zane;195;0
Movie;500 Days of Summer;Romance;Marc Webb;Tom (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), greeting-card writer and hopeless romantic, is caught completely off-guard when his girlfriend, Summer (Zooey Deschanel), suddenly dumps him. He reflects on their 500 days together to try to figure out where their love affair went sour, and in doing so, Tom rediscovers his true passions in life.;2009;2.5;Zooey Deschanel;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;Chloë Grace Moretz;97;0
Movie;The Fault in Our Stars;Romance;Josh Boone;Hazel Grace Lancaster (Shailene Woodley), a 16-year-old cancer patient, meets and falls in love with Gus Waters (Ansel Elgort), a similarly afflicted teen from her cancer support group. Hazel feels that Gus really understands her. They both share the same acerbic wit and a love of books, especially Grace's touchstone, "An Imperial Affliction" by Peter Van Houten. When Gus scores an invitation to meet the reclusive author, he and Hazel embark on the adventure of their brief lives.;2014;2.5;Shailene Woodley;Ansel Elgort;Nat Wolff;133;0
Movie;Sleepless in Seattle;Romance;Nora Ephron;After the death of his wife, Sam Baldwin (Tom Hanks) moves to Seattle with his son, Jonah (Ross Mallinger). When Jonah calls in to a talk-radio program to find a new wife for his father, Sam grudgingly gets on the line to discuss his feelings. Annie Reed (Meg Ryan), a reporter in Baltimore, hears Sam speak and falls for him, even though she is engaged. Unsure where it will lead, she writes Sam a letter asking him to meet her at the Empire State Building on Valentine's Day.;1993;2.5;Meg Ryan;Tom Hanks;Ross Malinger;106;0
Movie;Baby Driver;Action;Edgar Wright;Talented getaway driver Baby (Ansel Elgort) relies on the beat of his personal soundtrack to be the best in the game. After meeting the woman (Lily James) of his dreams, he sees a chance to ditch his shady lifestyle and make a clean break. Coerced into working for a crime boss (Kevin Spacey), Baby must face the music as a doomed heist threatens his life, love and freedom.;2017;2.5;Ansel Elgort;Lily James;Kevin Spacey;113;0
Movie;Die Hard;Action;John McTiernan;New York City policeman John McClane (Bruce Willis) is visiting his estranged wife (Bonnie Bedelia) and two daughters on Christmas Eve. He joins her at a holiday party in the headquarters of the Japanese-owned business she works for. But the festivities are interrupted by a group of terrorists who take over the exclusive high-rise, and everyone in it. Very soon McClane realizes that there's no one to save the hostages -- but him.;1988;2.5;Bruce Willis;Alan Rickman;Bonnie Bedelia;132;0
Movie;The Terminator;Action;James Cameron;Disguised as a human, a cyborg assassin known as a Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) travels from 2029 to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton). Sent to protect Sarah is Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn), who divulges the coming of Skynet, an artificial intelligence system that will spark a nuclear holocaust. Sarah is targeted because Skynet knows that her unborn son will lead the fight against them. With the virtually unstoppable Terminator in hot pursuit, she and Kyle attempt to escape.;1984;2.5;Arnold Schwarzenegger;Linda Hamilton;Michael Biehn;108;0
Movie;Ip Man;Action;Wilson Yip;The life story of Yip Man, the first person to teach the Chinese martial art of Wing Chun.;2008;2.5;Donnie Yen;Lynn Hung;Siu-Wong Dan;108;0
Movie;Spirited Away;Animation;Hayao Miyazaki;In this animated feature by noted Japanese director Hayao Miyazaki, 10-year-old Chihiro (Rumi Hiiragi) and her parents (Takashi Naitô, Yasuko Sawaguchi) stumble upon a seemingly abandoned amusement park. After her mother and father are turned into giant pigs, Chihiro meets the mysterious Haku (Miyu Irino), who explains that the park is a resort for supernatural beings who need a break from their time spent in the earthly realm, and that she must work there to free herself and her parents.;2001;2.5;Miyu Irino;Mari Natsuki;Rumi Hiiragi;140;0
Movie;Kiki's Delivery Service;Animation;Hayao Miyazaki;In this anime feature, 13-year-old Kiki moves to a seaside town with her talking cat, Jiji, to spend a year alone, in accordance with her village's tradition for witches in training. After learning to control her broomstick, Kiki sets up a flying courier service and soon becomes a fixture in the community. But when the insecure young witch begins questioning herself and loses her magic abilities, she must overcome her self-doubt to get her powers back.;1989;2.5;Minami Takayama;Rei Sakuma;Kappei Yamaguchi;103;0
Movie;Whisper of the Heart;Animation;Yoshifumi Kondō;Based on the manga with the same title, this animated film follows Shizuku, an inquisitive young girl and a voracious reader, who longs to be a writer when she grows up. One day she notices that all of her library books have previously been taken out by one Seiji Amasawa. Amid chasing after a large cat, befriending an eccentric antiques dealer and writing her first novel, Shizuku aims to find this mysterious boy who may well be her soul mate.;1995;2.5;Issei Takahashi;Yōko Honna;Takashi Tachibana;111;0
Movie;Howl's Moving Castle;Animation;Hayao Miyazaki;Sophie has an uneventful life at her late father's hat shop, but all that changes when she befriends wizard Howl, who lives in a magical flying castle. However, the evil Witch of Waste takes issue with their budding relationship and casts a spell on young Sophie, which ages her prematurely. Now Howl must use all his magical talents to battle the jealous hag and return Sophie to her former youth and beauty.;2004;2.5;Chieko Baisho;Takuya Kimura;Akihiro Miwa;135;0
Book;Pride & Prejudice;Romance;Jane Austen;Pride and Prejudice charts the emotional development of the protagonist, Elizabeth Bennet, who learns the error of making hasty judgments and comes to appreciate the difference between the superficial and the essential.;1813;2.5;432;0
Book;Gone with the Wind;Romance;Margaret Mitchell;Gone with the Wind is set in Clayton County and Atlanta, both in Georgia, during the American Civil War and Reconstruction Era. It depicts the struggles of young Scarlett O'Hara, the spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner, who must use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of poverty.;1936;3.0;1037;0
Book;Dragonfly in Amber;Romance;Diana Gabaldon;Dragonfly in Amber is Centered on time travelling 20th century nurse Claire Randall and her 18th century Scottish Highlander warrior husband Jamie Fraser. This installment chronicles Claire and Jamie's efforts to prevent the Jacobite rising that Claire knows will end disastrously for the Scots.;1992;3.5;752;0
Book;The Fault in Our Stars;Romance;John Green;The Fault in Our Stars is a story narrated by Hazel Grace Lancaster, a 16-year-old girl with cancer. Hazel is forced by her parents to attend a support group where she subsequently meets and falls in love with 17-year-old Augustus Waters, an ex-basketball player and amputee.;2012;4.5;317;0
Book;It;Horror;Stephen King;It follows the experiences of seven children as they are terrorized by an entity that exploits the fears and phobias of its victims to disguise itself while hunting its prey. "It" primarily appears in the form of a clown to attract its preferred prey of young children.;1986;3.5;1138;0
Book;NOS4A2;Horror;Joe Hill;NOS4A2 focuses on a woman trying to save her son from a vicious, supernatural killer who has set his sights on him;2013;3.0;720;0
Book;A Head Full of Ghosts;Horror;Amanda Kain;A Head Full of Ghosts involves an American family under strain when their fourteen-year-old daughter, Marjorie Barrett, exhibits signs of mental illness. The story is told from the point of view of Marjorie's eight-year-old sister, Merry. Themes include elements of Catholic exorcism and reality television exploitation.;2015;4.0;304;0
Book;The Woman in Black;Horror;Susan Hill;The Woman in Black concerns a mysterious spectre that haunts a small English town, heralding the death of children.;1983;2.5;174;0
Book;Throne of Glass;Fantasy;Sarah J. Maas;Throne of Glass follows Celaena Sardothien, an 18-year-old assassin in the kingdom of Adarlan. After being imprisoned for a year by the king, she accepts his son's offer to compete with other assassins and thieves for a chance to serve as the king's champion, after four years of which, she would be granted freedom.;2012;3.5;435;0
Book;Watership Down;Fantasy;Richard Adams;Watership Down is set in southern England, the story features a small group of rabbits. Although they live in their natural environment, they are anthropomorphised, possessing their own culture, language, proverbs, poetry, and mythology. Evoking epic themes, the novel follows the rabbits as they escape the destruction of their warren and seek a place to establish a new home, encountering perils and temptations along the way.;1972;2.5;413;0
Book;Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children;Fantasy;Ransom Riggs;Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a story about a boy who follows clues from his grandfather's old photographs which lead him on an adventure that takes him to a large abandoned orphanage on Cairnholm, a fictional Welsh island;2011;3.5;352;0
Book;The Last Unicorn;Fantasy;Peter S. Beagle;The Last Unicorn is a story about a unicorn who learns that she is the last unicorn in the world and sets out from her enchanted forest to find what has happened to all the others, which have been hunted and driven away from the forests of the world by a creature known as the Red Bull.;1968;4.5;218;0
Book;Ender's Game;Sci-Fi;Orson Scott Card;Ender's Game is set in Earth's future, the novel presents an imperiled mankind after two conflicts with the "buggers", an insectoid alien species. In preparation for an anticipated third invasion, children, including the novel's protagonist, Ender Wiggin, are trained from a very young age through increasingly difficult games including some in zero gravity, where Ender's tactical genius is revealed.;1985;3.5;324;0
Book;Solaris;Sci-Fi;Stanisław Lem;Solaris is a story about probing and examining the oceanic surface of the planet Solaris from a hovering research station the human scientists are, in turn, being apparently studied by the sentient planet itself, which probes for and examines the thoughts of the human beings who are analyzing it.;1961;4.0;204;0
Book;The City of Ember;Sci-Fi;Jeanne DuPrau;The story is about Ember, an underground city threatened by aging infrastructure. The young protagonist, Lina Mayfleet, and her friend, Doon Harrow (the second protagonist), follow clues left behind by the original builders of the City of Ember, to safety in the outside world.;2003;3.0;270;0
Book;Pretties;Sci-Fi;Scott Westerfeld;Pretties is set in a future dystopian world in which everyone is turned "Pretty" by extreme cosmetic surgery upon reaching age 16. Pretties tells the story of teenager Tally Youngblood who rebels against society's enforced conformity.;2005;3.5;370;0
Book;Hiroshima;History;John Hersey;Hiroshima tells the stories of six survivors of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima, covering a period of time immediately prior to and one year after the atomic bomb was dropped on August 6, 1945.;1946;4.99;160;0
Book;Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee;History;Dee Brown;Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee is a book that covers the history of Native Americans in the American West in the late nineteenth century. The book expresses details of the history of American expansionism from a point of view that is critical of its effects on the Native Americans.;1970;4.5;487;0
